---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "devhub_querydesk_database Resource - devhub"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Database resource
---

# devhub_querydesk_database (Resource)

Database resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "devhub_querydesk_database" "example" {
  name     = "terraform_test"
  adapter  = "POSTGRES"
  hostname = "localhost"
  database = "mydb"

  credentials = [
    {
      username           = "postgres"
      password           = "postgres"
      reviews_required   = 0
      default_credential = true
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `adapter` (String) The adapter to use to establish the connection. Currently only `POSTGRES` and `MYSQL` are supported, but  sql server is on the roadmap.
- `credentials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `database` (String) The name of the database to connect to.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname for connecting to the database, either an ip or url.
- `name` (String) The name for users to use to identity the database.

### Optional

- `cacertfile` (String, Sensitive) The server ca cert to use with ssl connections, `ssl` must be set to `true`.
- `certfile` (String, Sensitive) The client cert to use with ssl connections, `ssl` must be set to `true`.
- `enable_data_protection` (Boolean) Whether to enable data protection for this database (only available on Enterprise plan).
- `group` (String) The group this database belongs to, used for UI grouping.
- `keyfile` (String, Sensitive) The client key to use with ssl connections, `ssl` must be set to `true`.
- `restrict_access` (Boolean) Whether access to this databases should be explicitly granted to users or if any authenticated user can access it.
- `slack_channel` (String) The slack channel to send query request notifications to.
- `slack_webhook_url` (String) The slack webhook url to send query request notifications to.
- `ssl` (Boolean) Set to `true` to turn on ssl connections for this database.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Database id.

<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The username to use for connecting to the database.
- `reviews_required` (Number) The number of reviews required before a query can be executed.
- `username` (String) The username to use for connecting to the database.

Optional:

- `default_credential` (Boolean) Whether this is the default credential for the database.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Credential id.
